[IMP] Inventory: Restructure Inventory scope (#5700)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/inventory_and_mrp/inventory/warehouses_storage/advanced_operations_warehouse/removal.rst

category to define the removal strategy on. In the :guilabel:`Force Removal Strategy` field, choose
a removal strategy.

> .. image:: removal/product-category-removal.png

Reviewer: This image file needs to be removed from the media folder if removed from the rst.

strategy, a transfer is requested for the product that has the nearest expiration date from the
order date.

Closest Location
----------------

The *Closest Location* strategy is completely different from the other removal strategies. It is
not related to the date of entry in the warehouse, but rather the location of the product. It is
commonly used for products that do not deteriorate with time.

The aim is to avoid making the warehouse worker take a long journey to the bottom of the stock when
the product is also located at a near location. This method is only available if the
:guilabel:`Storage Locations` setting is on. The closest location is actually the one that comes
first in the alphabetic order.

Use removal strategies
======================

To differentiate some units from others, the units need to be tracked, either by *lot* or by
*serial number*. To do so, go to :menuselection:`Inventory --> Configuration --> Settings`. Then,
activate the :guilabel:`Storage Location`, :guilabel:`Multi-Step Routes`, and :guilabel:`Lots &
Serial Numbers` settings.

.. image:: removal/enabled-features.png
   :align: center

>    :alt: :alt: Removal strategy on a product category.

Reviewer: Small fix - double alt tag
```suggestion
   :alt: Removal strategy on a product category.
```

   date may still be picked for delivery orders!

.. note::

>    For more information about expiration dates, reference the :ref:`Expiration dates
>    <inventory/product_management/product_tracking/expiration_dates>` document.

Reviewer: Update to relative doc please
```suggestion
   For more information about expiration dates, reference the :doc:`Expiration dates
   <../../product_management/product_tracking/expiration_dates>` document.
```
